Using this Website

1.  If you use http://unhangout.media.mit.edu then these Terms of Use
    apply to you. By using this Website you agree that you are bound by
    them. These Terms of Use are an agreement between you and the MIT
    Media Lab.
2.  Anyone who uses this Website, is referred to as You in these Terms
    of Use
3.  You agree that in these Terms of Use the words “this Website” refer
    to a website operated by MIT Media Lab usually available at the
    Uniform Resource Locator: http://unhangout.media.mit.edu. You agree
    that the words “Website Operator” refers to MIT Media Lab.
4.  You agree that the Website Operator making this Website available
    from time to time is sufficient consideration for You to agree to
    and abide by these Terms of Use.
5.  If You are younger than 18, or if You need the consent of a parent
    or guardian to enter into a contract then by using this Website you
    are representing to the Website Operator that you have the consent
    of your parents or guardian to use this Website, and to agree to
    these Terms of Use. If You do not have your parent or guardian's
    consent you must stop using this Website straight away.
6.  You agree that the Website Operator may use technical means to block
    any user, including You, who is not complying with the Terms of Use.

Copyright and Related Rights

1.  Unless otherwise indicated, all MIT Media Lab marks displayed are
    subject to the trademark rights of the MIT Media Lab.
2.  Unless indicated otherwise the copyright of all material (except
    computer programmes) on this Website is licensed under a Creative
    Commons CC-BY License. That means that anyone is free to Share, and
    Remix the content as long as he or she attributes the author by
    stating the author's name, and attributes this Website by stating
    “From MIT Media Lab” and by giving a link to this Website. You must
    check whether there is different licensing information in or
    accompanying images, video clips, podcasts and documents.
3.  The copyright license refers only to copyright and does not grant
    any rights over trademarks, brands, Uniform Resource Locators,
    patents, designs or other Intellectual Property. You are permitted
    to reproduce all intellectual property other than copyright material
    only to the extent necessary to use this Website. If you remix the
    material under the Creative Commons licence specified you may not
    include any logos, brand marks or trademarks in your remix, or
    suggest the endorsement of the Website Operator.

Liability

1.  You agree that while every reasonable effort is made to keep this
    Website running smoothly the Website Operator takes no
    responsibility for, and will not be liable for this Website being
    temporarily unavailable.
2.  You agree that the information contained on this Website is provided
    by the Website Operator without warranty of any kind, expressed or
    implied, including (but not limited to) any implied warranties of
    fitness for any particular purpose, or non-infringement. You agree
    that You are aware that information may include errors or
    inaccuracies.
3.  You agree that you have no right to make any kind of legal claim
    against the Website Operator for anything to do with the this
    Website or the content on this Website. In other words You agree to
    defend, indemnify and hold the Website Operator harmless from and
    against any claims, actions or demands, and liabilities including
    without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting
    from, or alleged to, result from Your use of this Website.
4.  You agree that the indemnity in the previous paragraphs applies to
    all the partners, employees, agents, suppliers, consultants,
    associates,heirs and assigns of the Website Operator. Those people
    and entities aren't parties to this agreement, so the Website
    Operator accepts the benefit of Your agreement on their behalf. In
    other words the acceptance by the Website Operator of the benefit is
    solely as a stipulatio alteri and does not create any liability,
    partnership or agency between the person or entity benefited and the
    Website Operator.
5.  By using this Website you are communicating that you understand that
    unauthorised use of this Website or failure to adhere to these Terms
    of Use may give rise to the Website Operator instituting a claim for
    damages against You or You may be found guilty of a statutory or
    criminal offence.
6.  You understand that this Website may also include links to sites
    created and controlled by others on the World Wide Web or other
    networks. You agree that it is in the nature of the World Wide Web
    and similar networks for sites to link to other sites, and that
    these links are provided for Your convenience for the purposes of
    providing further information. You understand and agree that these
    links are to sites outside the control of The Website Operator so
    that obviously the Website Operator cannot be held responsible for
    the content of those sites. You agree that you cannot claim that
    links signify that the Website Operator endorses the site(s) linked
    to. You agree that even if this the Website Operator knows that
    sites linked to infringe or allegedly infringe your legal rights
    that it is in the nature of the Internet that links to other sites
    are made without imposing any duty or liability on the linking site
    and that the Website Operator has and will have no responsibility
    and bear no liability in relation to the the linked site(s).

General Terms

1.  You agree that if any of the terms in this Terms of Use is found to
    be invalid by any court all the other terms still bind You.
2.  You agree that the Website Operator may change these Terms of Use at
    any time by posting the changed Terms of Use on this Website or a
    successor site. If you use this Website after the terms have been
    amended on the site then the new terms bind You. You should
    regularly check these Terms of Use for any amendments or updates.
3.  You agree that all or part of these Terms of Use, and other legally
    binding terms or conditions of the site may be translated from
    English into one or more languages and displayed on the site and
    that the Website Operator does not warrant that any translation is
    accurate. If there is conflict between the English version of a
    provision and translation of that provision into another language
    then You agree that the version in English will be authoritative and
    bind You.
4.  You agree that these Terms of Use will be construed and interpreted
    in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
5.  If you allege a complaint or claim against this Website then you
    should send a notice setting out the grounds of your complaint or
    claim, your full names, address, phone numbers, and email address to
    the address below: Lifelong Kindergarten, MIT Media Lab, Mass. Ave
    77 (E14-445), Cambridge, MA, 02139-4307, USA.
6.  If You send a complaint about a copyright issue to the person who is
    detailed to take the complaint then you should also include the
    following: the name of the copyright work in which you claim a right
    or license, the type of work, the format of the work, the author,
    the date and place of origin of the work, the precise nature of your
    claim over the work, and the legal basis for your complaint.
7.  If there is any apparent conflict between these Terms of Use and the
    terms of use of any other service which you use to access this
    Website then the two sets of terms shall be read so as not to
    conflict, or if that is not possible then the these Terms of Use
    will override the other terms of use, unless that would result in
    any liability on the part of the Website Operator.

